# Web50 Capstone

#### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTRwELwFq8E

## Distinctiveness and Complexity

In this project I have built a gaming news and guides website that everyone can browse (regardless of being a registered user or not) in order to get the latest infromation about their favorite game.

Although I borrowed skills I learned from previous projects it has nothing in common with the Pizza project or the e-commerce as it's an articles based app.
It's slightly similar to the social network project in terms of the content is being generated by the users but it is structered way differently as the format of articles is predetermined and the users who can generate content have to be approved by the admin by marking them as "content creators".

Registered users have the ability to discuss or comment on any news or guides by scrolling down to the bottom of said new/guide.

I'm using 8 models: User, Game, Guide, New, GuideSection, NewSection, GuideComment and NewComment and everything is mobile responsive using bootstrap

- **Index**: In the index you will see the two latest news articles created under the label "Latest News" as well as the five latest guides under the label "Latest Guides" one below the other.
The articles are clickable as well as the labels and will take you to their respective page (News) or (Guides).

- **News**: In News you will find logos of every game that has a news article for it and right below the logos there are the six latest news created
    - Clicking on a game logo will take you to the news for the specific game only where you can only see the six latest news.
    I haven't included a "SHOW MORE" button for the news as i deemed it unnecessary to have "older" news as news.

- **Guides**: In Guides you will again find logos of every game that has a guide and right below the logos you will find the five latest guides for every game respectively under the label of said game i.e. "Latest Helldivers 2 Guides".
    - Clicking on a game logo will take you to the guides for the specific game only where you can see the ten latest guides, with the ability to keep clicking "SHOW MORE" if more guides exist, that will reveal up to ten more every time you click until there is no more guides to show.

- **Search**: In the Search input you can type anything that will match a sequence of letters of an existing title of news or guides and will return the results in a similar format to index showing you the News on top and then the Guides below it.

- **Username**: Clicking on your username will take you to a profile page where you can change you password or email.
    - If you are a "content creator" you will also have the options to create a News or Guides article by filling in a form with labels guiding you.

- **Articles**: When you create an article you are given the choice to choose a game for which your article is for, followed by a youtube video link, the title and the description.
Below that you will find sections where you can have a title, the content and one picture that will be displayed at the bottom of the section.
If your article has multiple sections there is a blue buttton +Section that will generate an extra section form every time you click it, with the ability to remove excess sections by clicking a red button -Section.

- **Comments**: Every articles has a comments section down in the bottom where only registered users can discuss with other users or comment on the article.

## What's contained in each file

- **models.py**
    - User model is modified to have an extra boolean field called "content creator" for those who have permission to create articles.
    - Game model stores the name and logo of each game.
    - Guide and New models store the user who created it, the game for which it is for, title, description, youtube link and date created.
    - GuideSection and NewSection models store the section title, content and image for their respective guide or new.
    - GuideComment and NewComment models store user, comment and date created for their respective guide or new.

- **views.py**
    My views are mostly used to render each html with objects.get and objects.filter, with the exception of a few.
    - show_more uses paginator in order to have different pages, in this case "SHOW MORE" button for my guides.
    - sort_guides and sort_news are made in a way that they show latest ten and latest six articles respectively.
    - search uses query and stores the results in lists which are then returned and rendered as results for the specific query.
    - comment receives a json request and stores the username and comment for the respective article.

- **settings.py**
    - I have added a path to media folder.
    MEDIA_ROOT = os.path.join(BASE_DIR, 'media')
    MEDIA_URL = '/media/'

- **main.js**
    - Handles the navbar shrink when you scroll down.
    - Handles the "SHOW MORE" button function and creates the divs necessary for more articles to show.
    - Handles the "SHOW MORE" button itself by making it hidden if there are no more articles to show.

- **create_guide.js**
    - Handles the sections using two buttons, one for adding new sections for the article by creating the divs and labels that contain title and content and one for removing sections by deleting them.

- **comments.js**
    - Handles the submition of new comments and if its successful it will also generate the div for the comment to appear "live" without refreshing.
    - Handles the grow function of the input to grow bigger if you change lines.

- **media folder**
    - Stores the game logos for each game.
    - Stores the game guides and game news images uploaded.

## How to run

### If you start fresh

#### Migrate

```
python .\manage.py makemigrations
python .\manage.py migrate
```

#### Create superuser and run the server

```
python .\manage.py createsuperuser
python .\manage.py runserver
```

### If you use the existing db and migrations

#### Run the server

```
python .\manage.py runserver
```

- **Admin Credentials**: Username: Admin, Password: admin